(Special) Orthogonal / Unitary / Euclidean groups (#17)
JuliaManifolds/LieGroups.jl: docs/src/tutorials/transition.md

| `RightBackwardAction` | [`RightGroupOperationAction`](@ref) | |
| `RightForwardAction` | [`InverseLeftGroupOperationAction`](@ref) | note that this is an [`AbstractRightGroupActionType`](@ref) |
| `adjoint` | [`adjoint`](@ref) | now implemented with a default, when you provide [`diff_conjugate!`](@ref).
| `apply_diff` | [`diff_apply`](@ref) | modifiers (diff) come first, consistent with [`ManifoldsDiff.jl`](https://juliamanifolds.github.io/ManifoldDiff.jl/stable/) |
| `apply_diff_group` | [`diff_group_apply`](@ref) | modifiers (diff/group) come first, consistent with [`ManifoldsDiff.jl`](https://juliamanifolds.github.io/ManifoldDiff.jl/stable/) |
| | [`conjugate`](@ref), [`diff_conjugate`](@ref) | a new function to model ``c_g: \mathcal G → \mathcal G`` given by ``c_g(h) = g∘h∘g^{-1}`` |

> | `differential_exp_argument_lie_approx` | - | is discontinued, see the `differential_exp_argument` in `ManifoldDiff.jl` instead, since `exp_lie` is now just `exp`. |

Reviewer: It's currently present in `ManifoldDiff.jl`, why would we discontinue it?

Author: We can check whether we have a good way to have the `_approx` again?

The `_lie_` part is no longer necessary/useful since `exp_lie` does not longer exist and is called `exp`,
so sure we can rephrase this here that (up to the approx) the is now called `differential_exp_argument`.

Reviewer: The `lie` in the name refers to the fact that this approximation is only for Lie groups. We can rename it if you prefer but the functionality seems to me important enough to have in some function.

Author: But that should come from the fact that the first argument of such a function is a Lie group? So why should that then be in the function name (repeated)?

Reviewer: We don't have a dispatch on the approximation method so the easiest way to introduce new functionality is by having a new function name. `differential_exp_argument` is currently not meant for approximations. I'm open to renaming but figuring out how to use the name `differential_exp_argument` for this is a lot of useless work IMO.

Author: We could go for `differential_exp_argument_approx`? I am not sure whether to put that here or in ManifoldDiff (maybe just here first then), my main argument would be to not use `_lie` in the name

The other argument this is currently discontinued is that I was also too lazy what it actually did back then – but I would be fine introducing it as an approx variant without the lie in the name, sure.

Reviewer: Maybe let's leave it for later. It's currently in ManifoldDiff and we can discuss any changes separately from this PR.

Reviewer: For this PR I'd suggest just sticking to facts: it's not discontinued right now and it's available in ManifoldDiff.

Author: Well it is discontinued to the extend that it was defined for `GroupManifolds` and is not defined for `LieGroups` – and we should probably rename it in ManifoldDiff at some point then. 

But we can rephrase this entry in the list of changes to make that clearer, that is correct.

Reviewer: Yes, right, it needs to be updated to work with LieGroups.jl and it's useful to note that.

> | `differential_exp_argument_lie_approx` | - | discontinued due to name change. Though available in `ManifoldDiff.jl` for `GroupManifolds`, that will move to `differential_exp_argument` instead, since `exp_lie` changed to now just `exp`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `differential_exp_argument_lie_approx` | - | Scheduled for update and renaming. Though available in `ManifoldDiff.jl` for `GroupManifolds`, that will move to `differential_exp_argument_approx` instead, since `exp_lie` changed to now just `exp`. |
```
